Clarify moderation of LLM-generated content (#1059)
nodejs/admin: Moderation-Policy.md

  by the TSC) are subject to immediate Blocking.
* Issues, pull requests, discussions, and comments that are spam (job posting,
  service advertising, etc.) are subject to immediate moderation.
* Issues, pull requests, discussions, and comments in violation of the [AI use

>   policy and guidelines]() should be closed with a comment such as "It appears you are

Reviewer: Should be a square bracket to use the reference link at the bottom
```suggestion
  policy and guidelines][] should be closed with a comment such as "It appears you are
```

  by the TSC) are subject to immediate Blocking.
* Issues, pull requests, discussions, and comments that are spam (job posting,
  service advertising, etc.) are subject to immediate moderation.
* Issues, pull requests, discussions, and comments in violation of the [AI use
  policy and guidelines]() should be closed with a comment such as "It seems

>   you are using a LLM, please stop, this is not bringing any value and is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  policy and guidelines]() should be closed with a comment such as "It appears you are
  violating our AI use policy, please stop. This is not bringing any value and is
```

"using a LLM" would be in a different scope from "conforming to the AI policy"
